Now, for the next project, I promise you,
if you make it through it,
you'll have a huge grin on your face.
And the reason is, it's the most amazing things to program,
but it's not easy, okay?
So when I ask you to put together object-oriented programming
and matrices and build your own matrix and vector classes.
And you can cheat, you can go to Wikipedia and other places and look up things.
But you have to do it on your own.
And we really want you to learn how to represent something as
complex as matrices elegantly in object-oriented code.
Dive in, it'd be hard I promise you,
but I promise also once you finish it,
you will have the biggest grin on your face possible.